"The Narn Regime is dedicated to peace!"
"We have no telepaths among my people. A genetic oversight I suppose. One which you could help correct. I am empowered to compensate you quite handsomely for your genetic background."
"Would you prefer to be conscious or unconscious during the mating? I would prefer conscious, but I don't know what your .. pleasure threshold is."
"We have unlimited manpower and the will to use it! Can you imagine what we could achieve together?"
"The wheel turns, does it not, Ambassador?"
Londo: "We should've wiped out your kind when we had the chance." | msg $chan G'Kar: "What happened? Run out of small children to butcher?"
"I will confess that I look forward to the day when we have cleansed the Universe of the Centauri and carved their bones into little flutes for Narn children. It is a dream I have."
Ko'Dath: "I am Ko'Dath, the new head of your diplomatic staff." | msg $chan G'Kar: "Yes. I wasn't expecting you for several yea.. days."
"Just don't give away the homeworld."
"Oh, the gratitude of the Narn is well known throughout the galaxy."
"I'm thinking of thinking of calling her right after my afternoon nap. I'm thinking of thinking of sending her flowers right after Bonnie gets back. So many fishies left in the sea. So many fishies, but no one for meee.. I'm thinking of thinking of hooking a love soon after supper is done."
"This is Ambassador G'Kar's quarters. This is Ambassador G'Kar's table. This is Ambassador G'Kar's dinner. What part of this progression escapes you?"
"I fight my own battles! I survived our war of independance, five years on the council and two prior assasination attempts. I can survive this."
"Earthers have a phrase: 'Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.' I believe they stole it from us."
"Where is he?! I was told a bodyguard would be at the ceremony. I was all alone! Taste your own death indeed!"
Garibaldi: "Just trying to get your story down, Ambassador." | msg $chan "It's not my story, it's the truth!"
"Let me pass on to you the one thing I've learned about this place. No one here is exactly what he appears. Not Mollari, not Delenn, not Sinclair .. and not me."
"Narns, Humans, Centauri .. we all do what we do for the same reason: because it seems like a good idea at the time."
"I told you before you left: 'No one here is entirely what they appear.' If I surprised you, all the better. Good day, Ms. Sakai."
"There are things in the Universe billions of years older than either of our races. They are vast, timeless, and if they are aware of us at all, it is as little more than ants and we have as much chance of communicating with them as an ant has with us. We know. We've tried and we've learned that we can either stay out from underfoot or be stepped on."
"They are a mystery and I am both terrified and reassured to know that there are still wonders in the Universe. That we have not yet explained everything.  Whatever they are, Miss Sakai, they walk near Sigma 957 and they must walk there .. alone."
"So much for Babylon 5's highly vaunted justice."
Delenn: Human ways are often unfathomable, but in time, one learns to live with them." | msg $chan G'Kar: "If one has an exceedingly strong constitution."
"Oh, my people watch him, his people watch me, we all watch one another here, Mr. Garibaldi."
"Oh, you could serve us in any number of ways. Analyst, security expert, cryptographer.."
"The universe is run by the complex interweaving of three elements: energy, matter, and enlightened self-interest."
"Oh, why does the universe hate me."
"We all believe in something .. greater than ourselves, even if it's just the blind forces of chance."
"Not just a flower, Commander, the very symbol of my faith. All followers of G'Quan must perform a ritual once a year when our sun rises precisely behind the G'Quan mountain. Each year the celebrant must acquire a new plant for the ceremony."
"The gift of time. The gift of life. The gift of wisdom. The gift of light.  For these things we are thankful. For these things we pray."
Londo: "Take the famine as a blessing, Ambassador: a weeding out of the excess population." | msg $chan G'Kar: "One more comment like that, Mollari, and you will become part the excess population."
"We'll all do what we have to do."
"It wasn't the Humans. The Centauri don't have the will. And the Vorlons don't care. The Minbari wouldn't do it. The other worlds aren't powerful enough for a strike like this. .. There's someone else out there, Na'Toth."
"And one more thing. Tell the commander .. he was right. We were at a crossroads, and there is no going back. Expect me .. when you see me."
"I have looked into the darkness, Na'Toth. You can not do that and never be quite the same again. When you told me about the destruction of our base at quadrant 37, I knew that only a major power could attempt an assault of that magnitude. But none of the governments here could've done it. Which left only two possibilites: a new race, or an old race. A very old race."
"G'Quan spoke of a great war long ago, against an enemy so terrible it nearly overwhelmed the stars themselves. G'Quan said that before the enemy was thrown down, it dwelled in a system at the rim of known space. I searched for days, going from one system to another. Then, on dark deserted worlds, where there should be no life, where no living thing has walked in over thousand years, something is moving, gathering its forces, quietly, quietly, hoping to go unnoticed. We must warn the others, Na'Toth. After a thousand years, the darkness has come again."
"Mollari, the grievances between my people and yours will never be resolved except with Centauri blood. Accept that as a given."
"But there may be some dangers that threaten both our peoples, not to mention the Minbari, the Earthers, the League and everyone else around here. Except possibly the Vorlons, I don't know what could threaten them, really."
"Take my advice and go back to the time you came from. The future isn't what it used to be."
"Oh nonsense. It's not as if anyone expects you to, oh, vanish overnight under mysterious circumstances to a strange Minbari post. Why, that would be unprecedented in the station's history."
"You know, the problem with mysteries is that in order to get rid of the headaches I have to figure them out."
"Yes. It's a strange feeling, Kha'Mak, to know suddenly that all the decisions in your life have brought you to this place. There is no longer doubt or uncertainty. The future now consists of only three probabilities. .. In the moment that I strike, the Emperor and I will both die. Or he will die and I will spend my life in prison. Or I will fail and be killed. For the first time in my life, the path is clear."
"I was ready. I had prepared myself. I had made my peace with the universe, put all my affairs in order. I had the dagger in my hand! And he has the indecency to start dying on his own. Never in my life have I seen a worse case of timing."
"Maybe it's good news. With luck he's feeling better. All they have to do is to prop him up for two minutes and-- I'll call you back."
"For a hundred years the Centauri occupied our world, devastating it. We swore we would never let that happen again. This attack on our largest civilian colony has inflicted terrible damage and loss of life. They've crossed the line we can not allow them to cross. As a result two hours ago my government officially declared war against the Centauri Republic. Our hope for peace is over. We are now at war. .. We are now at war."
"The war is young, the Centauri are still in the process of committing their forces. Some in their government are unsure about the entire affair. They only need a reason not to fight. If the Minbari intervened, you could provide that reason. You could save hundreds of thousands of lives."
"We are already in far greater jeopardy than you can possibly imagine."
"An inspection of the destroyed Centauri has found conclusive proof that she was carrying fusion bombs and support equipment for ion cannons, mass drivers, and heavy-energy weapons."
"Roughly 150 of your years ago, the Centauri came to our world. Narn was a green and fertile place then. We greeted them in peace and spent the next 100 years in chains, but we never gave up hope. We formed a resistance, learned their secrets, turned their own machines against them, and finally drove them from our world."
"Why does any advanced civilization seek to destroy a less advanced one?  Because the land is strategically valuable, because there are resources that can be cultivated and exploited, but most of all, simply because they can."
"No dictator, no invader, can hold an imprisoned population by the force of arms forever. There is no greater power in the universe than the need for freedom. Against that power governments, and tyrants, and armies can not stand. The Centauri learned this lesson once. We will teach it to them again.  Though it take a thousand years, we will be free."
"Mr. Garibaldi. I have been on this station long enough to know that you don't ask leading questions unless you already know the answers. So, why don't we just pretend I've lied about it, you've caught me in your web of ineluctable logic and cut to the point."
"We are already, as you so quaintly put it, going straight to hell. We can not escape what's coming."
Londo: This is insane! We must work together!" | msg $chan G'Kar: "No. As the humans say: Up yours, guy!"
"Not many fishes left in the sea. Not many fishes, just Londo and me. Not many fishes left in the sea. Not many fishes, just Londo and me."
"Who would believe it? The great and powerful Londo Mollari got his job because no one else was stupid enough to take it."
"I've taken the opportunity provided by my incarceration to meditate, to think. Sometimes, I even sing."
"In here, Mr Garibaldi, you can not hide from yourself. Everything out there has only one purpose, to distract us from ourselves, what is truly important.  There are no distractions in here. We can learn much from silence."
"I'm writing it all down right here.. the war, the fall of Narn, our mistakes, and what must be done to correct them. I expect to have it finished by the time I'm released."
"I might have something for you in a little while, Mr. Garibaldi. When the time is right."
"Most profound and substantial one, Ta'Lon. The kind of revelation that transforms your mind, .. your soul, .. your heart, .. even your flesh. So that you are a new creature. We born in the instant of understanding."
"The universe itself, Ta'Lon. But the Humans, they are the key. And together, you and I, and the rest, we will turn that key. Because on the other side, there's salvation for all of us."
"I have time. All the time in the world. Do you?"
"I have already been born once, and quite sufficiently, I think."
"By G'Quan, I can't recall the last time I was in a fight like that. No moral ambiguity, no .. hopeless battle against ancient and overwhelming forces. They were the bad guys, as you say, we were the good guys. And they made a very satisfying thump when they hit the floor."
"I will vouch for his character! I saw the entire thing .. because I was there. I was in it. I was .. And they made a very agreeable thump. Or did I mention that?"
"Since space and time are curved, the infinite sooner or later bends back upon itself and ends up where it begun. And so have I."
"'Some must be sacrificed for all to be saved.' First I took that as a revelation for the future. Now I see that it is as much about how we got here as about where we are going. I think that one sentence is the greatest burden I have ever known."
"Do not thump the book of G'Quan. It is disrespectful."
"It's an Earth food. They are called Swedish meatballs. It's a strange thing, but every sentient race has its own version of these Swedish meatballs. I suspect it's one of those great universal mysteries which will either never get explained or which will drive you mad if you ever learned the truth."
"Make sure this is found on his body. Leave his face and head intact. They will be needed later for identification. The rest is yours."
"Then, as you so concisely say, boom."
"Our thoughts form the universe, they always matter."
"It takes a rare kind of wisdom to accept change and redemption in another.  Many would refuse, seeing only what was, not what is. Mr. Garibaldi gave me that chance. I must repay him."
"If you are going to be worried every time the universe doesn't make sense, you are going to be worried every moment of every day for the rest of your natural life."
"I was doing fine until you showed up with that .. thing in hand."
"I am the last of the Kha'ri. I fought in our war of liberation against the Centauri. I can take care of myself. If you stay, I will be deeply offended, and there is little more inherently dangerous than an offended Narn."
"Do you by any chance happen to know where Mr. Garibaldi might be?"
"Neither are you. You want my help .. for the sake of your people. I will give it .. for the sake of my own. If I remove the monster from your throne, you will remove the monster .. from my world. Leave Narn, set my world free.  Promise me this, and I will do as you ask."
"My eye.. offended him. Doesn't matter. I can see things now.. that were invisible to me before. An empty eye sees through to an empty heart."
"You have just tossed someone off that throne. Would you put another in his place so quickly? The Kha'Ri spoke with many equal voices, not the one voice of a single leader."
"Then you have learned the wrong lessons. I will not take the throne. If the Kha'Ri is restored, I will take my place among them, but that's all. I did not fight to remove one dictator just to become another myself."
"I have seen what power does, and I have seen what power costs. The one is never equal to the other."
"All for nothing? Absolutely not! Yes, true, if I hadn't gone after you, the Centauri would never have captured me and yes, it cost me my eye, but it put me into the right place to strike a deal with Mollari. Because of that deal, my world is now free."
"I'm delirious with joy. It proves that if you confront [pat] the universe with good [pat] [pat] intentions in your heart, it will reflect that and reward [pat] your intent. Usually. It just doesn't always do it in the way you expect."
"My world is now free. You longer exist in my universe. Pray that we never notice one another again."
"Just as long as it isn't in backwards. I've peered into my own soul more than enough lately."
"I apologize for the lack of chains. The cleaning service must have removed them."
"We wanted to send a message, that the Council speaks as one for the right reasons, not out of any personal agenda. Sheridan is not alone, and you are not alone. The League stands with you. We all stand with you."
"You do not make history. You can only hope to survive it."
"Well, I .. I'm sorry, there's just the one copy for now, and well .. when I loaned it to Mr. Garibaldi, it came back with coffee stains. I can't--"
I will not sleep, eat, drink, nothing! The words and I will be locked in
mortal combat until one of us surrenders."
"You're wrong, Mollari. Whether it was me or my world, whether it was a total stranger or your worst enemy, you were a witness! It doesn't matter if they stopped. It doesn't matter if they'd listen. You had an obligation to speak out!"
"I would remind the Drazi ambassador that the Centauri Republic has already signed the declaration. And if the Centauri can sign it, anybody can sign it."
"Oh, go away. Repress someone else."
"I spent my years in one shelter after another. But sooner or later, I was able to leave the shelter and walk out into the daylight. You do not have that luxury. You carry your shelter with you, .. every day. You didn't grow up. You grew old."
"A Narn in the Centauri Royal Court? Ha Ha Ha! It is a curiously satisfying image, Delenn."
"Besides, everyone knows the true source of pain is neither the hand nor the heart. It is the mouth. Is it not, Minister?"
"It's bad luck to die on an empty stomach."
"Have you considered the possibility that you are simply not meant to be happy no matter where you are?"
"I am. The warrior in me is watching out for your life, but the Narn in me has decided that it's your spririt that's in the greatest need of protection."
"In the past we had little to do with other races. Evolution teaches us that we must fight that which is different in order secure land, food, and mates for ourselves, but we must reach a point when the nobility of intellect asserts itself and says: No. We need not be afraid of those who are different, we can embrace that difference and learn from it."
"All our holy books are reproduced exactly as written. Line for line, word for word, right down to the flaws in the paper."
"I was not pretending. I went to Centauri Prime as your guest, your protector and perhaps even as your conscience, but not as anyone's eyes and ears. So no, I will not be testifying before the council."
"You picked a terrible moment in your social evolution to develop principles.  Perhaps you can start with something simpler, the moral equivalent of the opposable thumb, for instance."
"Mollari .. understand .. that I can never forgive your people for what they did to my world. My people can never forgive your people. But I .. can forgive .. you."
"I've never understood that. Why does the universe give us puzzles with no answers?"
"This is how I've come to be seen by my people. Despite my best efforts, I've become an icon. I didn't understand why or how until I saw this. I realized it's simpler to make a statue to someone who you believe embodies all your better qualities than it is to actually improve yourself."
"It's a cell. I've gotten used to them. Frankly, I've done some of my best
writing in places like this. In here, you cannot run from yourself."
"And yet we are the same in many ways. We are all the sum of our tears. Too
little and the ground is not fertile, and nothing can grow there. Too much,
the best of us is washed away. My rains have come and gone .. for now. Yours
are just beginning."
"Meanwhile, consider the walls around you. In a little while, we will leave
these behind. Now you have to decide how many others you will bring with you
when we leave."
"I believe that when we leave a place, part of it goes with us and part of us
remains. Go anywhere in the station, when it is quiet, and just listen. After
a while, you will hear the echoes of all our conversations, every thought and
word we've exchanged. Long after we are gone .. our voices will linger in
these walls for as long as this place remains. But I will admit .. that the
part of me that is going .. will very much miss the part of you that is
staying."
"I find I'm actually looking forward to seeing the universe with you
alongside, Lyta. Perhaps we'll find something extraordinary. Perhaps something
extraordinary will find us. Either way, it's going to be quite an adventure."
It is said that the future is always born in pain. The history of war is the
history of pain. If we are wise, what is born of that pain matures into the
promise of a better world, because we learn that we can no longer afford the
mistakes of the past."




